## Overview

This project was inspired by two different mechanisms. One was a modularized open-close mechanism like a camera aperture. The other was rotational inertia, like how ice in a cup of water will not rotate when you rotate the cup itself. I decided to implement these two general ideas into a life-like yet fake flower. The flower has two moving parts: a blooming mechanism where the flower petals will open when it receives enough light, and rotational mechanism that creates the illusion that the flower stays in the same orientation despite rotating the box.

## Part 1: Light Sensitive Blooming

The general open-close mechanism involved pushing wires up into a ring to spread them open, and pulling the wires back down to close them. This was done by taping many wires together, each with a tape hinge to increase flexibility, and inserting them into a wire ring to be pushed up against. The wire ring was glued to a cardboard piece and held in place by wooden dowels. The bottom of the petal wires were connected to a servo arm to be pushed up and pulled down against the top wire ring. Rubber bands were added to keep the petal wires in place as the servo arm turned from 0 to 180 and back. I chose to use one motor to push the entire flower up and down instead of dedicating one servo to each flower petal because the one motor design seemed like a more elegant solution. Even though having multiple motors for each petal at the base of the flower would allow for a greater range of motion, I wanted to explore the possibilities of mechanical design instead of relying on a power-hungry and less efficient model.

I added a photoresistor to the center of the flower and tuned the motor to open the flower past a certain light threshold. This threshold was high enough that ambient room light would not open the flower. Instead, you would need to point an additional light source like a phone flashlight or lamp in order for the flower to open. I chose a toggle approach where the flower would only be open or closed instead of mapping different flower positions to levels of light because the difference between fully closed and fully open was so subtle that I found the movement of opening and closing to be more interesting than each individual stage of opening.

## Part 2: Shy Anti-rotation 👉 👈

In order to rotate the flower inside the box, I decided to secure the entire top piece to a stepper motor. The biggest issue I faced here was a high amount of instability trying to attach a top heavy object onto the small motor arm. My solution here was to attach a nut and bolt (and washers) to increase motor arm surface area and hot glue popsicle sticks to create a surface on which I could secure the rest of the piece. This ended up being secure enough to rotate the piece convincingly but still has a high amount of instability.

The code was also relatively simple. I attached a gyroscope to the base next to the stepper, and offset the amount of rotation experienced by the gyroscope with an equal ratio of rotation from the stepper. Some issues experienced here were namely the latency of the stepper rotating noticeably after the base is rotated, and an disproportionate amount of spinner rotation due to inaccurate readings from the gyroscope.