# Overview
    Our project is a competitive color matching game. There are six target RGB LEDs at the center of the board that display a randomized color at the beginning of each round. Each player has one red, green, blue, and RGB LED each. The red, green, and blue LEDs show the respective R, G and B value of the composite color displayed on the RGB LED. The objective of the game is to be the first person that best matches the color displayed on their individual RGB LED to the central target LEDs. 

# Player Instructions
    Each player has access to one switch, button, and joystick. There are two additional shared buttons in the center: one that randomizes the target LED color, and another that resets all LEDs on the board. A player can incrementally increase or decrease a single R, G, or B value at a time by pressing up or down on the joystick. Clicking down on the joystick switches between control of the R, G, and B values. For example, a player that is currently adjusting the red LED can click once to access control of the green LED, or click twice to access control of the blue LED. If an individual is particularly confused about their color combination, they can press their individual reset button to set their RGB values back to zero. Once a player believes their RGB LED color is similar to the target LED color, they can submit their color entry by flipping the switch once. If the color is close enough to the target color, the winner's LEDs will start flashing, signifying a win. At that point, the players can press the reset button at the center to clear the board and start again. If players are struggling to reproduce a certain color, they can choose to randomize the target color again to start anew. 

# Installation Details
    Our system runs on one Raspberry Pi and three ESP32s. The m2t2.py file runs on the Pi, and each ESP32 is flashed with the same m2t2.ino file. The boards are arbitrarily numbered 1-3. However, since the button and switch pins (reset_button_x, submit_switch_x) are located on the Pi, the respective button/pin number must correspond with its respective USB port. Ie. reset_button_1 must belong to the ESP1 such that the ESP's USB connection on the Pi is labeled port1. 